update TiDB v4.0.4 release notes (#3476)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-4.0.4.md

---
title: TiDB 4.0.4 Release Notes
---

# TiDB 4.0.4 Release Notes

Release date: July 31, 2020

TiDB version: 4.0.4

## Bug Fixes

+ TiDB

    - Fix the issue of getting stuck when querying `information_schema.columns` [#18849](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18849)

>     - Resolve errors caused by `in null` in point/batch get operators [#18848](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18848)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the errors that occur when the `PointGet` and `BatchPointGet` operators encounter `in null` [#18848](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18848)
```

    - Fix the wrong result of `BatchPointGet` [#18815](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18815)

>     - Fix an encoding bug that causes the wrong result of HashJoin with `set` and `enum` [#18859](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18859)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue of incorrect query result that occurs when the `HashJoin` operator encounters the `set` or `enum` type [#18859](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18859)
```
